Company: ICE (Intercontinental Exchange)

Job Title:
    Analyst - Index Data Operations

Job Location:
    Hyderabad, India

General Summary:
    This is a data scientist position with primary focus on enabling high quality input data for our index franchise.

Key Responsibilities:
     Identify data whose quality is suspect using predictive analytics techniques
     Create algorithms for rebalancing of indices according to the relevant index rule book
    clearly attributing the causes for changes in composition of indices
     Cleansing historical records of data by imputing null values with non-fictitious data and
    identifying high variance records using machine learning techniques
     Identifying, extracting, and transforming unstructured data into structured data for further
    processing using machine learning techniques
     Aid in automating mundane processes

Required Basic Qualifications &amp; Traits:
     Undergraduate degree, preferably in Math or Technology.
     Working knowledge with Python, Structured Query Language and Microsoft Excel.
     Knowledge of Statistics and experience applying these to machine learning models,
    analyzing results
     Good data visualization skills in Python
     Ability to work under stringent time constraints, multi-task and prioritize workload
     Strong written and verbal communication skills are essential
     Good organizational skills with keen attention to detail
     Ability to work as a part of a team and independently

Preferred Qualifications:
     Passed some or all three levels of the CFA Program or working towards the CFA charter
     Knowledge of and/or experience within Equity and Fixed Income Markets, focus on data quality, identifying &amp; analyzing corporate actions

Number of years of relevant work experience:
    2 to 3

About Intercontinental Exchange:
    Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE: ICE) is a Fortune 500 company that designs, builds and
    operates digital networks to connect people to opportunity. We provide financial technology and
    data services across major asset classes that offer our customers access to mission-critical
    workflow tools that increase transparency and operational efficiencies. We operate exchanges,
    including the New York Stock Exchange, and clearing houses that help people invest, raise
    capital and manage risk across multiple asset classes. Our comprehensive fixed income data
    services and execution capabilities provide information, analytics and platforms that help our
    customers capitalize on opportunities and operate more efficiently. At ICE Mortgage
    Technology, we are transforming and digitizing the U.S. residential mortgage process, from
    consumer engagement through loan registration. Together, we transform, streamline and
    automate industries to connect our customers to opportunity.
    
    Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. All
    qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,
    religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin or ancestry, age, disability or
    veteran status, or other protected status.
